---
layout: post
title: "I'm tired"
description: "test description"
tags: tag1, tag2, these are tags
date: 2022-01-01
twitter_image: "any url"
importance: 7
---
  
There are 4 days left of school including today and one extra that isn't proper school but still with my grade. I am truly sick of Mars. 
Mum is making me be super social, so I've invited her to watch the baseball with me. She is horrible at responding to messages, thinks of 
it like its a personality quirk, which it isn't. I hate that part of her. Hopefully she doesn't respond so I don't have to go. It's on the first day of holidays,
and I would have had work and guitar before, then she'd either have to stay over or we'd drop her home super late. Both options are horrible.  

Cathy isn't as much of a problem anymore because she is hanging out with Buzz, who I'm pretty sure has decided she hates us. She's started dating Loaf, 
which is stupid but i can't say anything. When people ask her she completely denies it, meanwhile he is kissing her head constantly. She just got out of 
a long relationship with Morgan, and she was dating Brendon, who seemed super nice apart from supplying her with weed.  

I don't want to go to school anymore. I don't want to talk to people anymore. Mum and Dad really want me to go to the last day, I don't. It's a social event 
and I don't like the people at school. Why would I want to socialise with them. Holidays aren't coming fast enough, Mum won't let me have another day off school 
because I had one last Thursday. If they pay the money then I'll have to go, but they haven't paid it yet so I still have a chance. They are worried I'll miss out 
on important memories, but why would I feel FOMO for people I really strongly dislike. It's so hard to pretend everyday at school, I don't message people online 
at all, I barely go out with friends on the weekend, why would they think I'd want to go to this?
